README.md, before:

# Transparent Module

The Transparent Module serves primarily for testing purposes. It has no specific internal function beyond relaying data from input to output, making it ideal for testing.

## Module specification

- Module ID: 3
- Module does not implement any logic for specific device types.
- All device numbers are valid but do not affect the module's function.
- Names and roles of connected devices must match the following regular expression: `^[a-z0-9_]*$`.
- As the default command (the command that is sent before any command is received), the module sends the raw string `"default_command"`.

## Requirements

- [CMakeLib](https://github.com/cmakelib/cmakelib)

## Build

```bash
mkdir _build && cd _build
cmake .. -DCMLIB_DIR=<path-to-cmakelib-dir>
make
```

## Command structure

To send data from `http_api` to the module, use the following JSON structure:

```json
[
  {
    "device_id":     {
      "module_id": 3,
      "name": "yellow_testing_device",
      "role": "testing_device",
      "type": 0
    },
    "payload": {
      "data": "your payload",
      "encoding": "BASE64",
      "message_type": "COMMAND"
    }
  }
]
```

Where `device_id.name`, `device_id.role` and `device_id.type` have to be the same as the connected device.
And in `payload.data` you can put any string you want to send.

## Example

An example script, `example.py`, is provided in the `example` subdirectory. This script demonstrates how the module can be utilized for sending data between devices.

Commit message:

Use json while sending status
Remove raw string

Add debug output

Test new string conversion

Testing string with quotes

Test string

Add json namespace

Experimetn with number

Another experimetn

Move JSON

Bug fix

Bug fix

Bug fix

Cast directly to JSON

Refactor code to remove unnecessary try-catch block and clean up comments

Update README

README.md, after:

# Transparent Module

The Transparent Module serves primarily for testing purposes. It has no specific internal function beyond relaying data from input to output, making it ideal for testing.

## Module specification

- Module ID: 3
- Module does not implement any logic for specific device types.
- All device numbers are valid but do not affect the module's function.
- Names and roles of connected devices must match the following regular expression: `^[a-z0-9_]*$`.
- As the default command (the command that is sent before any command is received), the module sends the raw string `"default_command"`.

## Requirements

- [CMakeLib](https://github.com/cmakelib/cmakelib)

## Build

```bash
mkdir _build && cd _build
cmake .. -DCMLIB_DIR=<path-to-cmakelib-dir>
make
```

## Command structure

To send data from `http_api` to the module, use the following JSON structure:

```json
[
  {
    "device_id":     {
      "module_id": 3,
      "name": "yellow_testing_device",
      "role": "testing_device",
      "type": 0
    },
    "payload": {
      "data": "your payload",
      "encoding": "BASE64",
      "message_type": "COMMAND"
    }
  }
]
```

Where `device_id.name`, `device_id.role` and `device_id.type` have to be the same as the connected device.
And in `payload.data` you can put any string you want to send.

## Sending status

The module represents all sent data as strings, including JSON objects. When sending a JSON, it is serialized (dumped) into a string format before being sent. This allows the module to handle all data types uniformly, ensuring flexibility.

## Example

An example script, `example.py`, is provided in the `example` subdirectory. This script demonstrates how the module can be utilized for sending data between devices.
